header.home=Home
header.accounts=Accounts
header.cameras=Cameras
header.settings=Settings
header.logout=Logout

data.parse=Can't read data
data.incomplete=Data incomplete
credentials.incorrect=Incorrect Username/Password

input.reset=Reset
input.remove=Remove
input.save=Save
input.close=Close

login.text=Login to MySurveillance
login.username=Username
login.password=Password
login.login=Login

notFound.title=404 Not found
notFound.title.text=404, Not found
unauthorized.title=Unauthorized
unauthorized.title.text=Unauthorized
unauthorized.privileges=Admin privileges needed

cameras.layout=Layout
cameras.noCam=No Video
cameras.nameUsed=Name already in-use
cameras.camNotFound=Camera not found
cameras.screenNotFound=Screen does not exist
cameras.streamTypeNotFound=StreamType not found
cameras.streamNotFound=Stream not found
cameras.pathTypeNotFound=PathType not found
cameras.pathNotFound=Path not found
cameras.reasonTypeNotFound=ReasonType not found
cameras.reasonNotFound=Reason not found

accounts.nameUsed=Username already in use
accounts.username=Username
accounts.password=Password
accounts.isAdmin=isAdmin

settings.langauge=Langauge
settings.languageNotFound=Language not found
settings.colors=Colors
settings.color.primary=Primary Color
settings.color.secondary=Secondary Color
settings.color.tertiary=Tertiary Color
settings.color.input=Input Color
settings.color.inputBorder=Input Border Color
settings.color.banner=Banner Color
settings.colorNotFound=Color not found
settings.invalidHex=Invalid hex